doc: Updated Guidance for when users are unable to delete cluster and backup schedule with backup compliance policy enabled (#1790)
mongodb/terraform-provider-mongodbatlas: website/docs/r/backup_compliance_policy.html.markdown

-> **NOTE:** With Backup Compliance Policy enabled, cluster backups are retained after a cluster is deleted and backups can be used normally until retention expiration. When the Backup Compliance Policy is not enabled, Atlas deletes the cluster's associated backup snapshots when a cluster is terminated. By default, a Backup Compliance Policy is not enabled. For more details see [Back Up, Restore, and Archive Data](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/backup-restore-cluster/). 

> -> **NOTE:** If encountering errors when deleting an Atlas Cluster which has an associated `mongodbatlas_cloud_backup_schedule` resource. We suggest the following: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-> **NOTE:** If you encounter errors when deleting an Atlas Cluster which has an associated `mongodbatlas_cloud_backup_schedule` resource, we suggest the following: 
```

> * `mongodbatlas_cloud_backup_schedule` fails during delete because an existing backup compliancy policy is enabled. This error is expected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `mongodbatlas_cloud_backup_schedule` fails when you delete an Atlas cluster because an existing backup compliancy policy is enabled, which is expected.
```
Suggestion: I'd maybe put this as the first sentence in the NOTE since it seems out of place to say this is an expected error when I'm expecting to read some suggestions, and it seems that each suggestion following builds off this expected error

> We first suggest disabling `mongodbatlas_backup_compliancy_policy` resource which  requires contacting MongoDB Support and completing an extensive verification process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We first suggest disabling `mongodbatlas_backup_compliancy_policy` resource which requires contacting MongoDB Support and completing an extensive verification process.
```

> We first suggest disabling `mongodbatlas_backup_compliancy_policy` resource which requires contacting MongoDB Support and completing an extensive verification process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We first suggest disabling `mongodbatlas_backup_compliancy_policy` resource, which requires contacting MongoDB Support and completing an extensive verification process.
```

> We first suggest disabling `mongodbatlas_backup_compliancy_policy` resource, which requires contacting MongoDB Support and completing an extensive verification process.

Author: ```suggestion
We first suggest disabling `mongodbatlas_backup_compliance_policy` resource, which requires contacting MongoDB Support and completing an extensive verification process.
```

> * Second, if this is not possible, we suggest changing the order in which terraform deletes the resource. This might not always be possible since the `mongodbatlas_cloud_backup_schedule` resource is referencing attributes from the `mongodbatlas_advanced_cluster` or `mongodbatlas_cluster resource` and therefor has to delete the backup schedule before deleting the cluster resource. This dependency must be defined as stated in the `mongodbatlas_cloud_backup_schedule` in the [documentation](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/mongodb/mongodbatlas/latest/docs/resources/cloud_backup_schedule).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Second, if the first suggestion is not possible, we suggest changing the order in which terraform deletes the resource. This might not always be possible since the `mongodbatlas_cloud_backup_schedule` resource is referencing attributes from the `mongodbatlas_advanced_cluster` or `mongodbatlas_cluster resource` and therefore has to delete the backup schedule before deleting the cluster resource. This dependency must be defined as stated in the `mongodbatlas_cloud_backup_schedule` in the [documentation](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/mongodb/mongodbatlas/latest/docs/resources/cloud_backup_schedule).
```

> * Second, if the first suggestion is not possible, we suggest changing the order in which terraform deletes the resource. This might not always be possible since the `mongodbatlas_cloud_backup_schedule` resource is referencing attributes from the `mongodbatlas_advanced_cluster` or `mongodbatlas_cluster resource` and therefore has to delete the backup schedule before deleting the cluster resource. This dependency must be defined as stated in the `mongodbatlas_cloud_backup_schedule` in the [documentation](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/mongodb/mongodbatlas/latest/docs/resources/cloud_backup_schedule).

Author: ```suggestion
* Second, if the first suggestion is not possible, we suggest changing the order in which terraform deletes the resource. This might not always be possible since the `mongodbatlas_cloud_backup_schedule` resource is referencing attributes from the `mongodbatlas_advanced_cluster` (or `mongodbatlas_cluster resource`) and therefore has to delete the backup schedule before deleting the cluster resource. This dependency must be defined as stated in the `mongodbatlas_cloud_backup_schedule` in the [documentation](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/mongodb/mongodbatlas/latest/docs/resources/cloud_backup_schedule).
```

> * Second, if the first suggestion is not possible, we suggest changing the order in which terraform deletes the resource. This might not always be possible since the `mongodbatlas_cloud_backup_schedule` resource is referencing attributes from the `mongodbatlas_advanced_cluster`, or `mongodbatlas_cluster resource`, and therefore has to delete the backup schedule before deleting the cluster resource. This dependency must be defined as stated in the `mongodbatlas_cloud_backup_schedule` in the [documentation](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/mongodb/mongodbatlas/latest/docs/resources/cloud_backup_schedule).

Reviewer 2: nit: I am not sure about suggesting to disable `backup_compliancy_policy` as the first option, as this is likely the most time consuming and not ideal. Was the intention here to provide more context on the limitations?

Author: This should be for the customer to determine the effort to reward ratio per their organization needs. Agree for most users this is likely most time consuming, but by contacting MongoDB Support and user has completed extensive verification process, they is a high probability that our Support team will be able to help user to delete resource directly. Also serves has helpful reminder of why this limitation on deleting `mongodbatlas_cloud_backup_schedule` exists on the first place for users with `mongodbatlas_backup_compliance_policy` enabled

> * Second, if the first suggestion is not possible, we suggest changing the order in which terraform deletes the resource. This might not always be possible since the `mongodbatlas_cloud_backup_schedule` resource is referencing attributes from the `mongodbatlas_advanced_cluster`, or `mongodbatlas_cluster resource`, and therefore has to delete the backup schedule before deleting the cluster resource. This dependency must be defined as stated in the `mongodbatlas_cloud_backup_schedule` in the [documentation](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/mongodb/mongodbatlas/latest/docs/resources/cloud_backup_schedule).

Author: ```suggestion
* Second, if the first suggestion is not possible, we suggest changing the order in which terraform deletes the resource. This might not always be possible since the `mongodbatlas_cloud_backup_schedule` resource is referencing attributes from the `mongodbatlas_advanced_cluster`, or `mongodbatlas_cluster resource`, and therefore has to delete the backup schedule before deleting the cluster resource. This dependency must be defined as stated in the `mongodbatlas_cloud_backup_schedule` per the [documentation](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/mongodb/mongodbatlas/latest/docs/resources/cloud_backup_schedule).
```

> * Third, another alternative is to modify the `mongodbatlas_cloud_backup_schedule` resource by replacing all the references to the `mongodbatlas_advanced_cluster` or `mongodbatlas_cluster` resource with the underlying values. This would enable deleting the cluster resource first, but requires obtaining values from the state to do the appropriate replacements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Third, another alternative is to modify the `mongodbatlas_cloud_backup_schedule` resource by replacing all the references to the `mongodbatlas_advanced_cluster` or `mongodbatlas_cluster` resource with the underlying values. This enables you to delete the cluster resource first, but you must obtain values from the state to do the appropriate replacements.
```

> * Third, another alternative is to modify the `mongodbatlas_cloud_backup_schedule` resource by replacing all the references to the `mongodbatlas_advanced_cluster` or `mongodbatlas_cluster` resource with the underlying values. This enables you to delete the cluster resource first, but you must obtain values from the state to do the appropriate replacements.

Author: ```suggestion
* Third, another alternative is to modify the `mongodbatlas_cloud_backup_schedule` resource by replacing all the references to the `mongodbatlas_advanced_cluster` (or `mongodbatlas_cluster`) resource with the underlying values. This enables you to delete the cluster resource first, but you must obtain values from the state to do the appropriate replacements.
```

> * Lastly, as a final resort taking into account the limitations, we recondmend:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Lastly, as a final resort taking into account the limitations, we recommend you to do the following:
```

>    * Remove the `mongodbatlas_cloud_backup_schedule` resource from the state using `terraform state rm mongodbatlas_cloud_backup_schedule.backup_retention_policy`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * Remove the `mongodbatlas_cloud_backup_schedule` resource from the state using `terraform state rm mongodbatlas_cloud_backup_schedule.backup_retention_policy`.
```

>    * Remove the `mongodbatlas_cloud_backup_schedule` and `mongodbatlas_advanced_cluster` or `mongodbatlas_cluster` resource for the terraform configuration script and apply changes. Now only the cluster delete operation is called and runs successfully.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * Remove the `mongodbatlas_cloud_backup_schedule` and `mongodbatlas_advanced_cluster` or `mongodbatlas_cluster` resource for the terraform configuration script and apply changes. Now only the cluster delete operation is called and runs successfully.
```
So its unclear to me what the correct combination of removal is required here -- is it `mongodbatlas_cloud_backup_schedule` and `mongodbatlas_advanced_cluster`, or `mongodbatlas_cloud_backup_schedule` and `mongodbatlas_cluster`, or 
an option between both `mongodbatlas_cloud_backup_schedule` and `mongodbatlas_advanced_cluster`, or `mongodbatlas_cluster`? 

A comma is needed to indicate the correct combination here.

Author: It is all instances of `mongodbatlas_cloud_backup_schedule` and references customer has to either advanced_cluster or cluster, updated with parenthesis if this is more clear? Reason being `mongodbatlas_cluster` resource is being sunset next year so most users will be focused on `mongodbatlas_advanced_cluster` resource over the long-term

Reviewer: In that case, a comma should go after `mongodbatlas_advanced_cluster`

Author: makes sense. updated @kyuan-mongodb. appreciate all the help here (as always!)

>    * Remove the `mongodbatlas_cloud_backup_schedule` and `mongodbatlas_advanced_cluster` or `mongodbatlas_cluster` resource for the terraform configuration script and apply changes. Now only the cluster delete operation is called and runs successfully.

Author: ```suggestion
   * Remove the `mongodbatlas_cloud_backup_schedule` and `mongodbatlas_advanced_cluster` (or `mongodbatlas_cluster`) resource for the terraform configuration script and apply changes. Now only the cluster delete operation is called and runs successfully.
```
